Hey guys welcome back.
So last I read these three functions up here which sanitize our data for us.
Now we're very drastically do something with that data before we do that.
We're going to just separate this page up a little bit and make a little bit more organized.
The moment appears quite long with all these functions in these handlers right here in violation of
our code.
This would only grow if we continue doing everything on one page.
So we're going to take this whole PSP blocks around from the very first line down to the closing of
the HP tag right here.
Copy that or kirti I should say and create a new file so command then control n you've got a Windows
machine or just go to file new file and then paste will end there.
And we saved this in here but we're going to create a new folder.
This is our route folder is see there's you register bagian you next page.
So us create a new folder in here.
This code includes code and you follow that.
But then we create one more new form of inside of the includes folder so includes folder click new folder
again and then it's going to be handlers save that.
And then within the service file into the handles folder.
So save it as Register handler doppie HP of course you free to call ever you want to answer call and
register handle up HP and save it.
Like I said in the handling folder and took safe go that and that message and just go and you get this
métis.
Poppy quite a lot from supplying techs but asking you to buy a licence but this click cancel or go and
buy a licence.
So this page I hear is going to handle our register form submission.
That's why we call it register handler.
So this log in here doesn't belong in this page so cut that occurring and make a new file just while
we're doing this but create a new one for the logon handler too.
So we have to create new BHP tags so thp and then close you HP dies off inside there just paste that.
OK.
And would I do anything with that code right now so just save this file madjid done with this for a
little bit.
So in the same folder the handlers folder saved this as luggin handler on page bit.
Okay.
And like I said we're done with this for a bit so you can even close out different.
We only log in hambly.
So they go we have a dedicated file for the register forms submission.
Now we need to make sure we reference this with the moment I register page doesn't know anything about
that form so we can add a reference to that file.
Like so open gageby tags.
And inside there which can say include this.
This is going to be the link to the file you want to include in the page.
So we say include and the folder was called includes slash.
Handlers.
Slash.
Register handle doppie HP.
Just like that.
And you know you've got this right because when you save this and our bills are safe for us to have
that BHB when you say and refresh the page if you see an error it's probably an error saying that you
can't find the file.
So refresh this or then I don't see any errors.
So if I couldn't find your file you'd have an error message at the top saying they can't find it.
So if you don't see anything you know it's worked.
And what include does it basically takes this whole file and copies and pastes a code into your page
when the website loads.
So saying include this file is exactly the same as if you just took all this text and use Harry all
appear like that because that's essentially what it does.
One when this page is loading it very first thing it does goes to this file here takes all the code
from there and paste it into your page.
Yes you do that obviously.
But that's essentially all it does.
OK.
And the last thing about this include I tell you is that it starts in whatever phone you're in so we're
in the registered iph P file.
It starts from whichever folder they're registered up HP file is in.
And if you look at our files to a chair we have rested up to be far which is where we are now that our
current location and that's why we started with include because just from there we go into the includes
folder.
Okay.
And that's it.
That's really all there is to it.
It is a bit more organized.
You can see instead of all that BHP kotite Now we just are 80 malco.
So here we'll just do the log in hambly as well.
Like I said we are doing anything with logging handler yet but you can just include that too while we're
here so don't forget and give us a front just make sure there's no errors when you refresh the page.